Added rule and tidied up a bit (#4035)
knative/docs: docs/help/contributor/style-guide/style-and-formatting.md

|4`&nbsp`CPUs          | 4 CPUs
|14%                   | 14`&nbsp`%

### Use bold for user interface elements

|:white_check_mark: Correct                  |:no_entry: Incorrect
|--------------------|-----
|Click **Fork** | Click "Fork"
|Select **Other**      | Select "Other"

## General style

### Use upper camel case for Knative API objects

|:white_check_mark: Correct                  |:no_entry: Incorrect
|--------------------|-----
|Channels | channels
|Broker      | broker
|ContainerSource | Container Source

### Only use parentheses for acronym explanations

>Put an acronym inside parentheses after its explanation. Don’t use parentheses for anything else.

>Parenthetical statements especially should be avoided because readers skip them.
If something is important enough to be in the sentence, it should be fully part of that sentence.

|:white_check_mark: Correct                  |:no_entry: Incorrect
|--------------------|-----
|Custom Resource Definition (CRD) |Check your CLI (you should see it there)

> |Knative Serving will create a Revision |Knative will create a Revision (a stateless, snapshot in time of your code and configuration)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Knative Serving creates a Revision |Knative creates a Revision (a stateless, snapshot in time of your code and configuration)|
```
Nitpicking, but I'd prefer present tense:

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/_print/#use-present-tense)
https://developers.google.com/style/tense?hl=en

Maybe we should add something about tenses if it's not in the guide already?

Reviewer: Oh, nvm it's here 😄 https://github.com/knative/docs/pull/4035/files#diff-0138e4edfa32eb45b8ff7c58d77a845112e9bf6b6694af396b4cf53b44fc8bc4L3
